Little Junior Sister
Long time no see.
How did you know I was disappointed?
Because I'm a big brother
I want an answer.
A true answer
The real answer
Would you believe me if I said it?
Believe in my big brother and be decent
Never that kind of person
And if childhood sweethearts
You don't need to get me by that means at all
Senior Brother Long Fei
Long time no see!
It's just you and me
Why be sincere
Dantian was abolished
Meridian interruption
If you hit me in the head, you will die
You are not a Xiaoqiang, are you?
The man in black is indeed
Why involve something that framed my best friend?
Really? What exactly is in it for you?
benefit
I am now the Shaoguan motherland of Feilong Martial Arts Museum
My master Zhou Chuan was so happy that he couldn't understand
Now it's my last teacher
Aren't these benefits?
These things originally belonged to you
I didn't exist at all
Oh, by the way, there is also the little junior sister
The master must give me the betrothal
Be our husband and wife next month
Come to Kangxi to do it when you have time.